all right get up every day I got
something enemy dismounts center second
zero zero meters Oh out of the West at
five knots
looks like a sedative a mortar tube
zoom in
they're dropping rounds into the tube
buster
incoming
okay today's are looking gay we got
another sniper morning position target
is at eight o'clock nine 10 meters there
he is crawling in the grass it's down
good all right deuce I think that Ridge
is clear no more movement some just
gonna slip by nine o'clock better looks
like we got a company project and any
fuss let me know me- we can handle it
Roger route multiple enemy at or ten
o'clock stealing the rocks we don't
silhouette ourselves
more
I got right here young lefty closest got
another target RPG we got that are due
back
impatient water